Adding missing validation error (Issue #6439) (#6500)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/validation_errors.md

    #> 'dict_type'
```

## `enum`

> This error is raised when the input value's does not exist in a `enum` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is raised when the input value does not exist in an `enum` field members:
```
